students asked me how to get involved in research all the time, and I
am happy to say it's actually pretty easy. So if you go to the department
website and look under the faculty page, there are blurbs about
all of the full time faculty members, and if you click on the links,
it will take you to our BIOS. And it'll tell you about our current
research interests, and we have to update this every year. So they're
they should be current, Um, And after you read through those, if
you find some, you know, if you find research that sounds really, really
interesting to you, you can just go ahead and email that professor.
It doesn't matter if you've never had them for a class before.
It doesn't matter if you've never met them before. As professors, we
expect these kinds of emails, um, or these types of requests from
students. So don't be shy about doing that. You know, craft your letter
carefully or your email carefully. Be respectful use, you know,
formal email style. Um, but But don't hesitate to reach out to a professor
and say, Hey, I read your research interests Bio and I think
what you're doing is really fascinating. And I would love to join you
if you have room on your research team.